you
Oh what's this another obscure japanese
sports game for the game here oh man
thank you Robert in British Columbia for
donating all this crazy stuff to us it's
much appreciated and I gotta say I had a
nostalgic blast with this one also props
too crazy Bob's music emporium in
Langley I'm assuming you're the maniacs
hooking up Robert with these crazy
cartridges so this is jay league GG pro
striker 94 from sega a fast and furious
soccer game that at first glance you
could probably consider to be the
Japanese equivalent of one of the old
fifa soccer games
and to be honest i don't think i've
actually played a soccer video game
since FIFA 96 I think so loading this
one up definitely took me back and I was
quickly able to settle into the gameplay
with more of a focus on reaction and
reflexes than simulation and strategy so
judging from the menu there would appear
to be a wide variety of game modes but I
was having a hard time reading it so it
couldn't really discern between them I
could blame it on the small screen but
maybe it's my lack of Japanese reading
comprehension but anyways I'm willing to
bet it's the usual choice of season or
exhibition play and it would seem that
there is a way to save your game there
are also plenty of j-league teams to
choose from of course each having some
crazy animal mascot killer whale will
eat your ball and then your face but
anyways for a quick pickup game I had no
problem diving right in and kicking the
ball around
switching between the controllable team
members seemed pretty random at times
but otherwise the controls seemed to
work pretty well and even despite the
small screen of the game gear the field
visibility is impressive the graphics
are simple but very effective and the
funky soundtrack provides a good energy
to keep things moving
everything comes together well to make a
great fit for a handheld system when
you're just looking for something simple
and fun without having to deal with much
of the simulation aspect of its console
counterparts so even if I can't say that
I have much skill at this game I blame
my sleeping goalie for some of that I
still had a great time with this one and
i'd say it's worth checking out for
retro soccer game fans if you happen to
stumble across a copy